Updating docker-compose for production (#1333)
api-platform/docs: deployment/docker-compose.md

would pull the pre-built images from the container registry. This maintains a separation of concerns between the build
environment and the production environment.

> ## Deploying for production for ApiPlatorm 2.6

Reviewer: API Platform

> ## Deploying for production for ApiPlatorm 2.6

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deploying for Production
```

> Thanks to ApiPlatform 2.6, the deploiement process has never been so easy. The required docker-compose files are already there, and you just have to pass the docker-compose.prod.yml to docker-compose to build images for production.

Reviewer 3: deploiement -> deployment

> Thanks to ApiPlatform 2.6, the deploiement process has never been so easy. The required docker-compose files are already there, and you just have to pass the docker-compose.prod.yml to docker-compose to build images for production.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build images for production, you have to use the `docker-compose.prod.yml` file with Docker Compose.
```

    confused with `api/.env` which is used by the Symfony application). For example:

    ```shell
    MERCURE_PUBLISHER_JWT_KEY=someKey

>     MERCURE_SUBSCRIBER_JWT_KEY=someKey

Reviewer 4: Would be worth to mention, that you need also update `docker-compose.yml` file database section to use bind volume. Otherwise you are at risk to override all your production data.
Also environment variable SERVER_NAME set in `docker compose.yml` may be different in production.

Thinking if documentation is the place to inform to change these, or API-Platform 2.6 docker-compose needs more work to be production ready. Like moving DB volume setting and some variables (POSTGRES_PASSWORD) to environment or to .override and .prod respectively.

Reviewer 2: Hello,
I think that the Docker Compose configuration needs some work for the database indeed to be usable in production.
Are you willing to make a PR?

    ```

    **Important**: Please make sure to change all the passwords, keys and secret values to your own.

2. Pull the Docker images.

>     Let's Encrypt integration is now automatic, thanks to Caddy Server:

Reviewer 2: You can remove this comment.
